docs: add Security Policy (#19)
krshkodes/username-checker: .github/SECURITY.md

### Security Policy

## Important
Please do not open GitHub issues or pull requests - this makes the problem immediately visible to everyone, including malicious actors.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a security vulnerability you can mail: ceruleancoderscomm@gmail.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a security vulnerability you can mail: krishguptadev@outlook.com
```
